# Modular Aircraft System Simulation

Artwork for the MiniHawk VTOL, a 3D-Printed Tricopter/Fixed-wing hybrid aircraft. AeroSandbox is a Python package that helps you design and optimize aircraft and other engineered systems. PX4 is an open-source autopilot stack for drones and unmanned vehicles. Documentation Pertaining to the Modelling, Simulation, and Control Design of Arrow Aircraft (AA). NextPilot Flight Control System. GAAS is an open-source program designed for fully autonomous VTOL and drones. Aerial autonomy stack (AAS). pyOptSparse is an object-oriented framework for formulating and solving nonlinear constrained optimization problems. OpenAeroStruct is a lightweight tool that performs aerostructural optimization using OpenMDAO. Simulink/C++ Platform for Aeronautics and Autonomy Research and Operations (SPAARO). AutonomySim is a high-fidelity, photorealistic simulator for multi-agent and domain autonomous systems. Scikit-aero is a Python package for various aeronautical engineering calculations. Hopsan is an open-source multi-domain system simulation. QPlane is a fixed wing flight simulation environment for reinforcement learning. DroneLibrary: Multi-Domain Drone Modeling in Modelica. A FreeCAD workbench dedicated to Airplane Design. pyBADA provides aircraft performance modelling, trajectory prediction and optimisation. TRANsient Simulation Framework of Reconfigurable Models. Library for Aircraft Dynamics And Control. Amphibous Rotor Design contains step by step process taken towards applying basic design theories. The Rotorcraft Aerodynamics Library is a Modelica library for supporting the analysis and design of current and future rotorcraft. The 40KG Forced Turbojet Engine is a cutting-edge micro gas turbine producing 40 kilograms of thrust in a compact form factor. FalconView is a Windows-based mapping system. PyEfis is an Electronic Flight Information System written in Python. The Flight Companion Computer system designed for both Ground Control Station (GCS) and onboard flight use (FUI)
 
The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.
